---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluecat_host_record Data Source - terraform-provider-bluecat"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to access the attributes of a host record. If the API returns more than one host record that matches, an error will be returned.
---

# bluecat_host_record (Data Source)

Data source to access the attributes of a host record. If the API returns more than one host record that matches, an error will be returned.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bluecat_host_record" "host" {
  absolute_name = "host.example.com"
}

output "bluecat_host_addresses" {
  value = data.bluecat_host_record.host.addresses
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `absolute_name` (String) The absolute name/fqdn of the host record.

### Optional

- `result_count` (Number) The number of results the API should return. This must be between 1 and 10.  You most likely want to leave this alone. Defaults to `10`.
- `start` (Number) The start index of the search results the API should return. You most likely want to leave this alone. Defaults to `0`.

### Read-Only

- `address_ids` (Set of String) A set of all address ids associated with the host record.
- `addresses` (Set of String) A set of all addresses associated with the host record.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) A map of all custom properties associated with the host record.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The short name of the host record.
- `parent_id` (String) The ID of the parent of the host record.
- `parent_type` (String) The type of the parent of the host record.
- `properties` (String) The properties of the host record as returned by the API (pipe delimited).
- `reverse_record` (Boolean) A boolean that represents if the host record should set reverse records.
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL of the host record.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.


