---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluecat_ip4_network Data Source - terraform-provider-bluecat"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 network from a hint based search.
---

# bluecat_ip4_network (Data Source)

Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 network from a hint based search.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container_id` (Number) The object ID of a container that contains the specified IPv4 network.
- `hint` (String) Hint to find the IP4Network

### Read-Only

- `allow_duplicate_host` (Boolean) Duplicate host names check.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR address of the IP4Network.
- `default_domains` (Set of Number) The object ids of the default DNS domains for the network.
- `default_view` (Number) The object id of the default DNS View for the network.
- `dns_restrictions` (Set of Number) The object ids of the DNS restrictions for the network.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the IP4Network.
- `id` (Number) The ID assigned to the IP4Network.
- `inherit_allow_duplicate_host` (Boolean) Duplicate host names check is inherited.
- `inherit_default_domains` (Boolean) Default domains are inherited.
- `inherit_default_view` (Boolean) The default DNS View is inherited.
- `inherit_dns_restrictions` (Boolean) DNS restrictions are inherited.
- `inherit_ping_before_assign` (Boolean) The network pings an address before assignment is inherited.
- `location_code` (String) The location code of the network.
- `location_inherited` (Boolean) The location is inherited.
- `name` (String) The name assigned to the IP4Network.
- `ping_before_assign` (Boolean) The network pings an address before assignment.
- `properties` (String) The properties of the IP4Network (pipe delimited).
- `shared_network` (String) The name of the shared network tag associated with the IP4 Network.
- `template` (Number) The ID of the linked template
- `type` (String) The type of the entity.
- `user_defined_fields` (Map of String) A map of all user-definied fields associated with the entity.
