---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluecat_ip4_network-block-range Data Source - terraform-provider-bluecat"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 network, IPv4 Block, or DHCPv4 Range from an IPv4 address.
---

# bluecat_ip4_network-block-range (Data Source)

Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 network, IPv4 Block, or DHCPv4 Range from an IPv4 address.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bluecat_ip4_network-block-range" "network" {
  container_id = data.bluecat_entity.config.id
  address      = "192.168.1.1"
  type         = "IP4Network"
}

output "bluecat_network_name" {
  value = data.bluecat_ip4_network-block-range.network.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) IP address to find the IPv4 network, IPv4 Block, or DHCPv4 Range of.
- `container_id` (Number) The object ID of a container that contains the specified IPv4 network, block, or range.
- `type` (String) Must be "IP4Block", "IP4Network", "DHCP4Range", or "". "" will find the most specific container.

### Read-Only

- `addresses_free` (Number) The number of addresses unallocated/free on the network.
- `addresses_in_use` (Number) The number of addresses allocated/in use on the network.
- `allow_duplicate_host` (String) Duplicate host names check.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR address of the IPv4 network.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) A map of all custom properties associated with the IPv4 network.
- `default_domains` (Set of Number) TODO
- `default_view` (Number) The object id of the default DNS View for the network.
- `dns_restrictions` (Set of Number) TODO
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the IPv4 network.
- `id` (Number) Example identifier
- `inherit_allow_duplicate_host` (Boolean) Duplicate host names check is inherited.
- `inherit_default_domains` (Boolean) Default domains are inherited.
- `inherit_default_view` (Boolean) The default DNS View is inherited.
- `inherit_dns_restrictions` (Boolean) DNS restrictions are inherited.
- `inherit_ping_before_assign` (Boolean) The network pings an address before assignment is inherited.
- `location_code` (String) TODO
- `location_inherited` (Boolean) TODO
- `name` (String) The name assigned the resource.
- `ping_before_assign` (String) The network pings an address before assignment.
- `properties` (String) The properties of the resource as returned by the API (pipe delimited).
- `template` (Number) TODO
