---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluecat_ip4_address Data Source - bluecat"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 address.
---

# bluecat_ip4_address (Data Source)

Data source to access the attributes of an IPv4 address.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bluecat_ip4_address" "addr" {
  container_id = data.bluecat_entity.config.id
  address      = "192.168.1.1"
}

output "bluecat_address_mac" {
  value = data.bluecat_ip4_address.addr.mac_address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address to get data for.
- `container_id` (Number) The object ID of the container that has the specified `address`.  This can be a Configuration, IPv4 Block, IPv4 Network, or DHCP range.

### Read-Only

- `expiry_time` (String) The expiry time of the IPv4 address lease.
- `id` (String) IP4 Address identifier
- `lease_time` (String) The lease time of the IPv4 address.
- `location_code` (String) The location code of the IPv4 address.
- `location_inherited` (Boolean) Whether the location is inherited.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address associated with the IPv4 address.
- `name` (String) The name assigned to the IPv4 address.  This is not related to DNS.
- `parameter_request_list` (String) The DHCP parameter request list for the IPv4 address.
- `properties` (String) The properties of the IPv4 address as returned by the API (pipe delimited).
- `router_port_info` (String) Connected router port information for the IPv4 address.
- `state` (String) The state of the IPv4 address.
- `switch_port_info` (String) Connected switch port information for the IPv4 address.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `user_defined_fields` (Map of String) A map of all user defined fields associated with the IPv4 address.
- `vendor_class_identifier` (String) The DHCP vendor class identifier for the IPv4 address.
- `vlan_info` (String) VLAN information for the IPv4 address.
