---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluecat_ip4_address Resource - terraform-provider-bluecat"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to reserve an IPv4 address.
---

# bluecat_ip4_address (Resource)

Resource to reserve an IPv4 address.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluecat_ip4_address" "addr" {
  configuration_id = data.bluecat_entity.config.id
  name             = "IP Reserved for Example"
  parent_id        = data.bluecat_ip4_network.example_net.id
}

output "allocated_address" {
  value = bluecat_ip4_address.addr.address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration_id` (Number) The object ID of the Configuration that will hold the new address. If changed, forces a new resource.
- `parent_id` (Number) The object ID of the Configuration, Block, or Network to find the next available IPv4 address in. If changed, forces a new resource.

### Optional

- `action` (String) The action to take on the next available IPv4 address.  Must be one of: "MAKE_STATIC", "MAKE_RESERVED", or "MAKE_DHCP_RESERVED". If changed, forces a new resource.
- `location_code` (String) The location code of the address.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address to associate with the IPv4 address.
- `name` (String) The display name of the IPv4 address.
- `user_defined_fields` (Map of String) A map of all user-definied fields associated with the IPv4 address.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address that was allocated.
- `expiry_time` (String) Time that IPv4 address lease expires.
- `id` (String) IPv4 Address identifier.
- `lease_time` (String) Time that IPv4 address was leased.
- `location_inherited` (Boolean) The location is inherited.
- `parameter_request_list` (String) Time that IPv4 address lease expires.
- `properties` (String) The properties of the resource as returned by the API (pipe delimited).
- `router_port_info` (String) Connected router port information of the IPv4 address.
- `state` (String) The state of the IPv4 address.
- `switch_port_info` (String) Connected switch port information of the IPv4 address.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `vendor_class_identifier` (String) Time that IPv4 address lease expires.
- `vlan_info` (String) VLAN information of the IPv4 address.
